[josh]  my dad's life
ended unfinished.
There are so many things
that he never told me...
Or jake.
[jake] dad, did you miss me?
[phil] yeah. Oh, god.
[josh]  but once I found
his charts,
I started to realize
Carrying on the family legac
Means tracing back
to where it all began.
Risky new fisheries.
Leaning on the guys
that he loved.
But to unlock
all the old man's secrets,
I have to confront my own.
We have another brother
And that changes everything
Ready to go?
Yeah!
Yeah! Boom!
I am captain josh harris.
I keep looking at that picture
And he keeps looking back
at me.
Phil harris was my father
And a legend out
on the bering sea.
[phil]  I'm a sweetheart.
You can't get any better
than me.
I'm just a smiling
[bleep] jack.
[josh]  with the help
of my partners,
Jeff and casey,
I made the old man's dream
Of a warm water fishing
business in hawaii a reality
Oh.
[bleep]
[josh]  this year, with
the world opening back up,
Demand is through the roof.
Yeah.
Dude, all right!
-Woo!
-[man] it's a go.
[josh]  our family operation
is growing.
[man] we got another brother.
[josh]  and I'm digging deepe
into our roots.
[man] hang low!
[man] shane?
[man] nice shane!
[man] yeah, baby!
-[all cheering]
-[man] yeah!
[josh] nobody does better.
These guys are dangerous.
[bleep]
[josh]  whatever the cost...
I don't think it's gonna
work out with shane.
Oh.
This is the last resort.
We're pulling out
all the stops.
[man] oh, god.
Tonight, a dire forecast
for the gulf coast,
Hurricane ida
is picking up steam
And could hit louisiana
As a major category four
hurricane on site.
The hurricane is coming.
[news reporter]
a state of emergency
has already been declared
And evacuations are underway
Anybody up there?
Jeff!
[ominous music playing]
[man] run!
Oh.
[man] yeah.
It's a marlin.
Attaboy.
Get her on board.
Where they got a big on,
he found it.
[casey] oh, oh, oh.
Whoo!
[jeff]
he's gonna lose this fish.
I just wanna get this very
order completed, you know?
We don't have a lot of time.
[casey] way to go, buddy.
Ah.
We'll pop the step today.
We hit the ground
running this year.
Thanks to barry
and our connection in vegas.
Now, we've got orders
in six restaurants
Run by him and his partners.
All told,
it's 3,000 pounds of fish
Due every Wednesday
Before the weekend rush.
[jeff] he ain't gonna be easy.
We got traffic now.
[casey speaking]
[jeff] oh [bleep]
it broke, dude.
Well...
Oh, my god.
Guy cut behind me
And cut my line off.
[casey]
this is getting stupid.
You know, once hawaii lifte
the covid restrictions,
Tourism started booming.
Hotels, restaurants,
everything started opening up.
The demand for fish is huge
But the guys
were all tied up last year,
They're back out
on the grounds
And they are fighting
for every fish.
Did everybody decide to become
a fisherman or what?
[jeff] looks like it.
You got to figure,
everybody's hungry,
Everybody wants
to get back at it.
[casey] that's not good.
Not enough, man. Not enough.
We can do it but
we're gonna need some help.
[woman on pa]  now boarding,
Flight 71, seattle.
[car engine revving]
Coming out
the safely lanes now,
We have johnathan hillstrand.
He's gonna be here
in the tower site,
Taking on dave
on the time bandit.
[car engine revving]
Come on, johnny.
[cheers and applause]
[man on pa]  wow!
[indistinct]  to johnathan.
Johnathan takes the win
with his 10.9.
[johnathan]
how are you doing, buddy?
[josh]  mr. Hillstrand.
What's up, brother?
[johnathan]
how's it going, man?
-How are you doing?
-Nice to see you.
-Nice run.
Our business took a big step
last year, you know?
We've got a bunch of orders
now on the mainland.
We got to keep the ball
rolling.
But we need more help
out there.
So right now,
it's all hands on deck.
Every time you come to see me
Doesn't mean
that's a good thing.
What's up, my friend?
You know,
barry wants more fish
And he wants it faster.
In hawaii, you know,
everything's open back up
And it's boat on top of boat
And we got to get
these orders filled.
And you've been up there
with us before.
Maybe you can come up
and help us out again?
What about your brother, jake?
You think about...
Jake's busy on the cornelia
right now.
Yeah, that's good. No way.
He helped do the shipyard.
Because that will help him
get out of trouble.
-Yeah.
-Stay out of trouble.
So he's tied
in for the summer.
Which is a good place
for him to be.
-That's damn good news.
-Yeah, yeah.
What about shane?
Outside of my family's
inner circle,
Not many people know about
my older brother, shane.
There's just
a lot of bad blood
And we don't talk very much.
You know, it's just I haven't
seen him in a long time
And I'm not quite sure.
Think about it.
My brothers is the reason
I did so well
with my business.
Your dad knew that.
Yeah. Maybe I'll pop in
and see how he's doing.
Love you, harris.
You can do this. I have faith.
Wanna go for a ride
in the car?
-No. Absolutely not.
-Oh, yeah, you do.
-No, you do.
-No, no.
-Lower your voice.
-No, you do.
-No.
-You wanna do it.
Harris, come on.
Why don't you give it
another chance?
You're not gonna convince me.
[car engine revving]
[josh speaking]
[screaming]
My dad loved shane.
That was a great guy.
Look at him
like he was one of his own.
But my stepmom just drove
my brother away.
And after so many years,
we just,
You know, try to reach out,
But we're busy
with both our lives
Doing things that we do.
Shane is technically
my half-brother
From my mom's side.
Growing up, he was my idol.
He always looked out for me
and jake.
He would beat up the kids
that picked on us.
After the divorce, my dad
married my stepmom, teresa.
She didn't want shane
coming around anymore.
It didn't mean that
he had to disappear forever,
But he did.
I've missed my brother a lot
but I mean that's life.
Coming out of the blue
after years of not talking,
All of a sudden asking him
If he wants to come work
for... Work for me.
I don't know how
that's gonna go but we'll see.
Yeah, you guys seen shane
around here?
[man] yeah, right over there.
What's going on, dude?
[shane speaking]
Yeah. What's up, man?
How you doing, man?
[shane]
what are you doing here, man?
You know, I just thought
I'd come over
And chitchat with you.
-All right.
-[saw buzzing]
[josh] so how's things going?
[shane]
running my business, man.
How about you?
I hear you're in hawaii.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm in hawaii
and it's just been, uh,
It's been pretty crazy.
We've been fishing where
the old man's marks were on
On all these charts.
Do you remember anything
about the old man in hawaii?
It all just kind of blurs
together, you know?
So, you came all the way
out here to ask me that?
You know, I actually...
I came all this way
To actually ask for help.
You know, it's just been
super slammed over there
Since everything's opened up
And I'm having
a lot of trouble
Keeping up with our orders.
So...
We're just...
Could use a set of hands
that we trust, you know?
I can't just pick up
and leave and take off, man.
I got responsibilities.
I got my accounts
to take care of,
You know what I mean?
All right.
Well, you know what, uh,
Just give it some thought,
that's all.
We're just...
It's a family business,
trying to keep it that way.
[phone ringing]
[jeff]  what's up, my man?
Yeah, I don't think it's gonna
work out with shane.
That's too bad, man.
[josh]  any other islands
we can try?
[jeff]  we got one more optio
Fishing grounds will probabl
be a lot less crowded
Up in kauai
than they will in kona.
[josh speaking]
[jeff]  it's a super,
super tight community.
I might have a connection
With a couple of the guys
there, though.
Rumor is that tuna bite
is insane.
Well, we're all
out of options.
So sounds like a plan.
Let's do that.
[jeff]
it's worth a shot, right?
Yup.
Let's head over to kauai.
Let's see
what we can figure out.
[jeff]  all right, man,
I'll meet you there.
[josh]  see you after a bit.
Bye.
[jeff]  you know,
josh is a family man.
You know, his relationship
with his brother, shane,
Is a little bit rocky.
But I do know that
he definitely wants
To amend that relationship.
Everybody needs family.
[josh]  you know what they sa
Blood is thicker than water
It's hard to see my brother
for the first time in years
And not think about
what could have been.
[phil]  me and those boys
have been through a lot
In our lifetime, you know?
A whole lot.
And, uh...
You know,
there's just a bond there
That is never gonna be broke
I mean it's just never
gonna be broke.
[josh]  I'd like to put
my relationship back
together with shane.
And someday maybe I will.
But for now, I've got to rely
on my new family.
Another week,
another 3,000 pounds.
Kauai, here we come.
[casey]  aloha.
Good timing, huh?
[josh] hey, great timing.
How you been, man?
Good. Good. How are you?
You know, we got a lot
to talk about.
[casey] yeah?
All good, I hope.
[josh]  we've got another
3,000 pounds
Due for our clients back
in the mainland
In just a few days.
Jeff's idea to head up
the early tuna bite
Right here
in the island of kauai.
With any luck,
We could pick up the score
Right before
they migrate south.
[josh speaking]
Jeff's trying to make some
inroads with the locals.
We'll see how that goes.
We need him to pull this off.
[kodi] how's it going, man?
[jeff] good. How you doing?
[kodi] good, bro.
[jeff]
thank you for having me over.
-Of course.
-That your brother?
Sup, alapai? Jeff.
We just kind of came up
to just check out
This bite up here in kauai.
Kind of in a bind,
don't really know
A lot of fishermen up here
And, you know,
hear a lot of good things
About you and your brother.
Every fishing community
in hawaii is different.
Different methods,
different skillsets,
And kodi
and his brother alapai
Are two of the best fishermen
I know in kauai.
Getting their help to catch
this order would be huge.
Just trying to find anybody
at this point
That'll kind of
get us out there
And maybe show us the grounds.
What do you think?
There's not a guarantee,
you know,
That we're gonna be able
to fish with these guys.
So, he's gonna go try
to feel them out.
Hopefully, he comes up
with a little bit of help.
[josh] help is hard to come
by these days.
[casey] so, your brother
shut you down, huh?
[josh]
I don't wanna talk about it.
[jake]
I got an interesting visit.
He, uh,
asked ya for some help?
[shane] yes, he did.
What do you think about that?
[shane] not sure.
10-4 suck, man.
It ruined a lot of stuff.
I think I would have probably
worked on this boat
If it wasn't for that divorce,
honestly.
I wanted it that bad,
because dude,
Back in the day, that guy
had everything,
Harley and corvette,
nice house.
I thought it was
the coolest thing ever.
I wanted to be like phil,
definitely.
I tried it for five year.
Well, I mean here's
the start right here.
-[shane] yeah, I know, man.
-You know, all you got to do
Is say yes and then, you know,
That's just the start of, uh,
The bigger picture
right there.
[kodi] yeah, this could be
something we could do.
Probably have to meet
josh and casey,
See where they are
and what they're made of
and all that.
Yeah.
That's all I can ask for.
-So, I appreciate it.
-All right, jeff.
Thank you.
[kodi] let's meet down
at the harbor.
-[jeff] okay.
-[kodi] bright and early.
[jake]  I don't know.
It's just been a long time.
Long, long time.
Definitely
consider it there, brother.
I'll think about it.
If we can't get fish faster,
it's over.
What's up, my man?
-[jeff]  casey.
-[kodi]  kodi.
-[jeff]  josh.
-[josh]  josh.
-[alapai] [indistinct]  alapa
-[casey]  alapai.
Casey. Nice to meet you, bro
[josh]  all right, bruh.
How you doing, bruh?
Before we dive into anything,
What is it exactly you guys
are looking for?
Last year in kona,
we got crushed,
You know,
our market, our economy,
Everything fell apart.
So right now we're just trying
to kind of rebuild.
I figured kind of work with
two local boys like yourself
And get back on track.
What's in it for you, guys?
[josh] my dad had a dream
a long time ago
And never got to fulfill it.
We're hoping to keep
this dream alive.
And you guys are some of
the best of the best over here
And it's what
we're looking for.
It's more people to work with
And make sure that
we can accomplish this goal.
What do you think?
You guys gonna give us a shot?
Yeah. We could do that.
Awesome.
What's the plan?
[casey] where do you guys
usually like to start?
[jeff] tunas migrate down
from the northwest
So we could shoot around
and check the nepali coast
Because I heard
there's a rumor
Of a decent bite down there.
[casey] what do you say
we guys wrap this up
And get out there while
we got morning bite, huh?
This is the na pali coast
of kauai.
It's unbelievable.
Unbelievable, man.
The na pali coast is locate
on the west side of kauai.
It's famous for
its jagged peaks,
And it's also very rich
in hawaiian culture.
But early in the summer,
The coast is known
for something else...
Tuna run?
Tuna run.
Yellowfins usually
start their season
In the north part of
the hawaiian chain.
As it progresses,
they migrate south to spawn
Hopefully we can
pick them off
Before they've left kauai.
Here we come, baby.
Let's do it.
[casey] let's go snag
something cool.
All right.
Ready to drop these riggers?
Yeah, let's do it.
We're used to doing
live bait and stuff.
Here,
we do fishing with lures.
Trolling is affected
because you're covering
A lot of ground.
So, you wanna put out
multiple lures anywhere
[indistinct]  four
and  [indistinct]  six.
Alapai's got kind of
a bigger boat.
We're running seven lines.
You stand on a spread,
you know,
Run some different colors,
run some different depths
And you can really
kind of troll
All over the place
and look for signs of life.
Show me an ahi.
[alapai]  we're kind of
looking around for birds.
Like a lot of times we've been
seeing the ahis roll around,
So you'll see the sickle
come out of the water.
There it is. There it is.
There it is.
Caught that,
there it is [indistinct]
[jeff] yeah, buddy!
Let's get these lines
out of the way.
We're on.
I think they might be
hooked up,
They're slowing down.
See that?
Yeah, they're back.
They're scrambling.
They got something.
Yeah, watch your back.
Watch your back.
Feels like a really good fish.
Feels like an ahi
took a lot of lines.
I see him on the surface.
He's still looking lively.
This guy is not even
getting tired.
Guarantee ahi.
He looks about a hundred,
a hundred ten.
He's teeter-tottering
a little bit.
Here we go. We got him.
We got him surfing now.
Up, up, up.
-Got him.
-[man] yes.
Two, three.
All right.
Nice fish.
Hell, yeah.
-[bleep]
-all right, my brother.
-You got him.
-[indistinct]
Number one down,
that's the hardest one.
[indistinct]
First ahi in kauai.
Nice.
I mean,
we got something going.
We got a healthy 110.
Let's go get another one.
[casey] now, we need an ahi.
Where's our yellows?
Are you still seeing anything
on the sonar?
Not really.
It's kind of quieting down
[indistinct]
[josh]
the weather's coming up.
[man]  that's not good.
But we gotta keep
grinding it out, man.
Well, that's all we can do.
We got a lot more to catch.
[casey] all right, run.
[bleep] okay. Pull.
He's running. He's running.
Get that [indistinct] there.
Oh, it looks like
they're fighting a fish
over there.
I'll bring it up
closer to you,
You do this thing
and I'll gaff it, okay?
All right, dude.
Okay. You grab that.
I'm gonna grab some gaff.
[indistinct]
Careful, careful.
-[casey] oh.
-[bleep]
Man overboard.
[casey] all right, run.
I'll bring it up close to you,
You do this thing
and I'll gaff it, okay?
[josh] all right, dude.
[casey] okay. You grab that.
I'm gonna grab the gaff.
-[josh] all right.
-[indistinct]
Careful. Careful.
-Oh.
-[man] [bleep]
Man overboard.
Oh [bleep]
Josh just fell on the water,
guys.
Oh [bleep]
[man] go ahead over there
and check him out.
Sounds good.
[casey] holy [bleep]
I'm gonna [indistinct] up,
let him run away a little.
Yeah, I'm [indistinct]
[bleep]
Good?
-[josh] oh, my god.
-What did you do?
[bleep]
-[casey] you okay?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
[casey] did you slip?
[indistinct] fishing.
Is that marlin?
Whoa. There he goes again.
Gotta be a marlin.
[bleep] I tripped, dude.
[bleep]
I think we lost a fish, too.
-[bleep]
-[kodi] we lost the fish?
[casey] we lost the fish.
He spit the hook.
I... No, it was my fault.
I slacked him off
when you went in
'cause I didn't want him
to come up by you
-And chop you in half.
-Dude, I'm sorry.
We're gonna catch
our 28,000 lbs this week,
You know, you're gonna have to
stay like in the boat, right?
That was like a freak wave,
though.
-It's full.
-Yeah, it's huge.
-Must have been a 20-footer.
-It was. Probably.
-Yeah.
-They were big out there.
Uh-huh.
[laughs]
[jeff ] I'm happy
you're okay, man.
That could have been
really bad, josh.
Dude, one of those hooks
gets into you or something,
I mean, this thing,
look at the size of that.
That thing would
butcher you up
If it got into you out there.
I think we had enough
fun for today.
Catching that fish tomorrow,
huh?
Yeah.
[jeff]  you know, we're unde
a lot of pressure right now
And I think
specifically josh is.
And he just really
wants to impress
Some of these clients
that he is, you know,
Promising fish to.
But more than anything, man,
it's safety first, you know.
You scared the [bleep]
out of me, dude.
Scared the [bleep]
out of myself.
Humiliation and embarrassment
is at an all-time high.
Yeah. It's time to [bleep]
get out of here.
[josh]
now what's he doing here?
What happened to you?
Why are you all wet?
Well, it's been a long day
today, pal.
What are you doing here?
I thought you couldn't
come out?
Well, I thought about it
And, uh, I wanna
show you something.
Yeah, all right.
Hey, guys, my brother shane.
-[indistinct] shane.
-Shane, casey.
-Casey, nice to meet you, man.
-Nice to meet you brother.
-Jeff.
-Hello, jeff.
-Nice to meet you, man.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hold up.
-[josh] all right.
Well, let me finish
tying up the boat here
And get my stuff together
And then, uh, we'll go
over to my place.
-All right. See you, guys.
-[indistinct] brother.
This day just keeps getting
weird and weirder.
All right. What we got?
[shane]  check this out.
[bleep]
Is that with my mom now?
[shane] that would be
my chunky butt there.
[josh] boy,
you were a fat baby.
[shane] I was, dude.
[josh] now you're
[indistinct] [bleep]
[laughter]
Lot of milk. Lot of milk.
[laugh] oh, my gosh.
That's impressive.
Shane's had this box
of old stuff
Sitting in his garage
for over a decade.
And his greatest
memory lane is
Maybe there's something
in there that can shed light
In what the old
man's plans were.
What else we got in there?
Uh, I got some letters
and stuff from the old man.
What is that matchbook though?
Coco palms.
Interesting.
Is that me as a baby?
[shane] oh, yeah,
that's definitely you.
-[laughs] no way.
-[shane] yeah.
God, I was [bleep] ugly, man.
Taken April 27th...
[shane] yeah,
five weeks old you were.
1983.
That is insane.
Dude, I thought you were
the cutest little thing
-The first time I...
-No, you know what
My dad told me
right before he died?
He goes, "you know, josh,
when you were born,"
He goes, "...I used to
carry this picture around,
I thought you're
the most beautiful thing.
I showed it to everybody.
"he goes, "I ran into it,
That same picture,
right before I left
Because you were the ugliest
[bleep] baby I've ever seen.
"and he goes, "I can't
believe I showed everybody
-This picture of you."
-[laughs]
Sup, guys? How you doing?
Oh, shane brought over
a box of random stuff
That are pictures and photos
-Of my dad's that he had.
-[jeff] small memories.
-[man] yeah.
-Oh, worth treasures, huh?
Is this your mom?
[josh] yeah, that's my mom.
[jeff] well, she's pretty.
You're a sucker.
-That was him.
-[jeff] oh.
-[shane] that's me, yeah.
-[jeff] mmm-hmm.
I don't know everything
about josh and shane's past
But I do know that
there's been some tension.
But if you flew
all the way here,
There's gotta be some desire
to put their past behind them.
All right,
check this out, though,
Here in kauai,
you know all about this place,
Coco palms?
[jeff] coco palms, yeah,
that was a hotel in wailua.
Got... Got destroyed
in hurricane iniki.
[josh] yeah.
[jeff]  back in, uh...
[josh]  is it '93, '94?
[jeff]
ever since the hurricane,
They never...
They never rebuilt it.
[casey] coco palms.
That's where they filmed, uh,
elvis's  blue hawaii,
That is coco palms.
-[josh] really?
-[casey] yeah.
[josh] look at this though.
Looks like a phone number
I think the old man got
From some hot chick probably.
[jeff] no.
That's not a phone number.
-It's a long numbers.
-[josh] yeah.
Those are coordinates, dude.
[josh] are you sure it's not
an international number?
[jeff]
that's too many numbers.
Let's have a check.
So what was the numbers again?
21, 51, 32.
21, 51, 32
Would be right in this area,
okay.
Your lateral's gonna be 160,
36.
That puts us
right about there.
Uh, kodi.
The only thing
about this area here,
That's off of
[indistinct] point,
Off of ni'ihau and there's
nice pinnacle out there
That could be pretty
productive for ahis.
Also there's a really nice
ledge drop off
That runs all the way along
down the south point,
Can be really good for onos.
[josh]  we know from the char
My dad was up and down
these islands,
You know, for years
during the '80s,
Including kauai.
Some spots he got to,
some spots he didn't.
There's no marks out
by ni'ihau,
But if you wrote down
these numbers,
That means it was some plac
you wanted to go.
There's no dock on ni'ihau,
That's, uh,
the forbidden island.
No one's allowed
to get up on it.
It's got a native
hawaiian population.
They have their own
hawaiian community
That's maybe a hundred people
or less.
And the [indistinct] a little
less [indistinct] than kauai,
A little farther to reach.
[casey] do you guys go out
there often?
[kodi] not too often.
We do sometimes
but it takes for a long day.
[jeff]
so what do you guys think?
[josh] I think
it sounds good, you know.
[casey] I'm totally down.
-Let's do it.
-[jeff] perfect.
Now that we got shane here,
We have three guys
on each boat
So two guys
come around the deck.
I don't think, uh,
he's gonna...
He just came up to bring,
you know,
Some of the stuff up
And then we just got to check
some stuff out.
Uh, it's, you know,
I came up here to help,
So let's do it.
[casey] do you actually fish?
I used to fish
a long time ago.
He's a fast learner.
It's like riding a bike,
you know?
You catch one fish
five years ago,
You catch another one
ten years ago, whatever.
[laughs]
[dramatic music playing]
[jonathan]
who's going with who?
Thank god me and jeff
will be going with you.
Shane and casey
going with alapai
And, uh, we'll get out there
and rock this, man.
-[casey] let's do it.
-[jeff] good luck, boys.
Good luck, you guys.
Casey taught me [indistinct]
ropes up here fishing
So it'd be good [indistinct]
from my older brother.
We'll get to train
[indistinct] [laughs]
Dude, if we catch
enough fish today,
We'll be able
to make enough money
And get you a shirt
with sleeves on it.
[laughter]
[josh]  listen,
don't haze him too bad.
He flew a long way
to come out here
To help us out, you know?
-Me haze somebody?
-[laughs]
I would never give anybody
a hard time.
Yeah, yeah.
Never.
What are you getting
on the boat for?
You got to throw the lines.
That's what a deckhand does.
Are you serious? All right.
[josh] you start him off
right there, huh?
[man]  no, not  [indistinct]
blue lights.
When my old man wrote those
numbers on the matchbook,
It was a totally
different time.
It was before the divorce,
it was before shane left.
I don't know what it means,
but I've been doing this
Too long to believe
in coincidences.
Of course
it doesn't mean a thing
If we can't land some tuna
by Wednesday.
Help us out, pops.
We're heading
to the forbidden island.
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct] on the matchbook
And bringing you out
to nowhere.
Oh, man, I had coordinates
That point towards
fishing grounds
Off the island of ni'ihau.
He marked it down
as a place to explore.
From what I learned,
He wanted to sell fish
in vegas, too,
But not 3,000 lbs. A week.
[dramatic music playing]
[casey]  if I can get this
[indistinct]
I'm gonna have to check
these hooks, right?
Yeah, so you know
what you're looking for
-When you're checking them?
-[indistinct] he showed me,
But how did you get it open
like you did?
This was twisted
and goof ball
Or flipped upside down
around that.
This thing has to hang
absolutely [indistinct]
That's correct.
Okay, so how much time
did your brother
Actually spend fishing?
That's a good question.
He just came out here,
He came out here
to do whatever he can do.
Well, kind of feels like
we're throwing him
Into the fire on this one.
Shane and I haven't already
spoken in years.
Too much resentment.
The old man taught him
how to fish years before me.
But, uh, I don't really know
how much he remembers.
[dramatic music playing]
It's pretty special
pulling up to, uh, you know
An island like this,
there's no houses,
There's no hotels,
There's nothing, you know.
It's pretty special
that they're still able
To preserve an island
like this, you know,
That's doing what they can
To protect what's left
of hawaiian culture.
Whoever gets to see this,
I don't know anyone, man,
It's... We are lucky
on that and blessed.
Absolutely blessed to be here.
[dramatic music playing]
All right, boys, you see
a good bite off of this point.
-So let's get set up.
-[shane] all right.
[casey] all right.
Hey, let's get fishing.
[josh] let's do it.
[jeff] that's it.
Get up, buddy.
We're working this one area
There's different
little banks,
Like, little mountains
that are formed
And, you know, we've noticed
on these mountains,
Like, we were finding
these birds
And all these baits
So these underwater structures
That are kind of
in the channel
between the islands,
Fuels the current
with all these bait balls
And these birds
and  [indistinct]
So we're ready.
Just waiting for it now.
Looks good though.
[beeping]
[line whirring]
Oh, I think we're on.
We're on. We're on, dude.
All right. Fish on.
What it is,
we're not quite sure
What it is yet but...
Hey, man, looks like josh
is hooked up right now, casey.
You wanna try gaffing him?
It's all here.
I'll bring him up.
You try to gaff him.
Good. Good.
-[indistinct]
-[jeff] got it.
[josh] try to get him
in the head, okay?
Remember,
every fish is important.
-[jeff] got it.
-[josh] you ready?
[indistinct]
[jeff] good job, man.
This is a kava
kava, skipjack family,
Similar to an [indistinct]
That's a nice one man.
Not the biggest fish
but you know what?
We'll take anything
we can get.
we can get tonight.
Good. [laughs]
One in the box.
It's a good warm up.
Get this order fulfilled,
and hopefully get back
To the good graces of barry,
fingers crossed.
We can do this.
[man]  fish  [indistinct]
around the board, right?
And these are
starting to bite.
-Let's do this.
-It's our turn.
I'm calling that
[bleep]  30 minutes
We're gonna have
something on.
Oh, my god, we're on.
We're on. We're on.
Oh. I got [indistinct]
[line whirring]
[casey] yeah. Woo-hoo.
They're hooked into something.
Lucky bastards.
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
[kodi] [indistinct]
fish right here.
[josh] oh, here it is.
-[kodi] this might be an ulua.
-I think we got an ulua.
[dramatic music playing]
[kodi] all right.
That's good. Good.
[bleep]
[dramatic music playing]
[kodi] all right.
That's the one the chef
wants right there, huh?
So you got there a sashimi.
Doing [bleep] brother.
All right. Good work, josh.
Oh, man. Let get warmed up.
-Oh.
-We're on.
Dude. Another one?
[josh] one...
[jeff] yeah.
That's just a good thing
we need,
The quantity.
-Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
-[jeff] good. Good.
Grab the gaff. Grab the gaff.
There we go.
Good size ono.
Hold on.
[bleep]
-[laughter]
-[bleep]
Go take him.
Go [bleep] take him.
All right. It's over.
Good job.
That's a nice one.
-[indistinct]
-stay safe, boys.
Stay safe.
[bleep]
That was the worst gaff job.
I'm getting whacked up
in the face.
I was just about to say
you're getting better.
[casey] [indistinct]
good job for josh.
Here, you wanna grab
that gaff?
No, I think
we should show everybody
-Where that gaff is at.
-[laughter]
[jeff] I think we should...
I think that
that was going on the wall.
But you know what?
Get those out of the way now.
And then when really
get on them
We won't be doing that
anymore.
-Oh.
-We'll let your try it.
Well, [indistinct]
You get...You get...
You get one of those.
[josh]  just got to ni'ihau
and we already popped off
Three species
that we needed for vegas.
But we don't have
a ton of poundage
[indistinct] is still out
of the old man's matchbook
That's gonna pay off.
[shane] first day,
not so good.
I come out here
to give my brother a hand
But so far,
These hands have not done
anything today.
[casey] no bites, no looks.
Birds around
like things look good.
This is ain't happening.
The fish are winning.
First day we ever take shane
out here on the water
And I'm pretty sure
he's not impressed
With our whole operation
thus far about...
How we catch fish in hawaii.
On.
[casey] we're on.
Hey, get over here.
This is your first fish.
I'll take care of that.
[indistinct] now.
Big fish.
Wait, is that shark
right there?
[casey] I think
this is a big tuna.
[shane] oh [bleep]
[indistinct] get this guy.
[casey] hang on. Hang on.
Don't pull just yet.
Okay. Start pulling.
It's a fight, brother.
It's a fight right here.
It [indistinct] wants to live.
[josh] it's been 20 plus years
Since my brother's
been out on the boat.
The last time he did,
He got sick
for 10 days straight.
He gets seasick?
He did but, I mean,
people get over that.
-[jeff] wanna call him?
-[josh] [indistinct]
-[bleep]
-all right. Let's call him.
-Let see how he's doing.
-[josh] do it.
What's going on, bro?
[josh]  hey,
how you doing, buddy?
[shane]
it's been a while, man,
Since I've been on a boat.
So...
[bleep]
-I'm gonna...
-[jeff]  oh.
Oh.
Oh [bleep]
[josh] we got a puker.
He's feeding the fishes.
-Oh, oh man.
-Oh.
Oh, my god.
-[josh]  oh, buddy.
-[casey] yeah.
Go, go, go, go!
[puking]
Casey, you're going to hell,
dude.
[laughs]
Yee-haw!
[shane] it's a fight, brother.
[indistinct] he wants to live.
[tense music playing]
[casey] we got color yet?
-[alapai] oh, yeah.
-[casey] coming soon.
[alapai] not yet.
[casey] almost there, brother.
Get him.
I know. I'm working.
[tense music playing]
[shane]
right there, he's good?
[alapai]
[indistinct] him, boys.
-[casey] hey!
-Yeah.
-Woo-hoo!
-Oh, yeah, boy [indistinct]
-Yellow tuna.
-First yellow buddy.
[shane] oh, yeah.
[casey]
you know what that means.
[shane] oh [bleep]
Let's go, man.
Things I cheer for.
[jeff]
we have a tradition here
That the first time
you catch a tuna with us,
-What are you gonna do?
-You got to eat the heart.
-Oh.
[shane] woo-hoo!
It's that time, pal,
to earn your stripes.
Good luck.
It pays respects to the ocean
And it also brings good luck.
Oh, let's see how [indistinct]
see how he's beating?
-That one is big.
-Look at the beat.
All right, buddy,
First yellow heart
right there.
[shane] god.
-Got to eat it.
-It's the first real ahi.
Finger bite,
bigger bite in that
[indistinct] half the heart.
Just one more bigger bite
if you want.
-Oh, god.
-[josh retches]
[casey] [indistinct] yeah,
swallow it too.
[indistinct]
if you swallow it.
Do it like you really mean it.
[alapai] here,
I'll take a bite with you.
[indistinct] together.
[josh] oh, my gosh.
[laughs]
Oh.
-[indistinct]
-yo, man, I'm done.
-Oh.
-You guys good?
Let's just go,
let's just get this going.
I don't wanna hear any more
about this.
-Nice job, brother.
-Good job, boys.
You did better than I did.
You know,
as gross as it might be...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, holy [bleep]
-We're on. We're on.
-[casey] oh.
Never ever second guess
a superstition.
It's on.
We're gonna double hook up
right now or what,
We're not sure but...
It's coming up as we speak.
Wow.
Nice one.
Awesome. Good job.
All right.
There.
Get another one.
[casey] oh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
[alapai]
we got ourselves an ono.
[casey] attaboy.
-Do that thing.
-Hold on.
-I don't know.
-[laughs]
I'm afraid
of those teeth, man.
It's a nice fish.
Oh.
No. Come on this way.
This way.
Got it.
Right in the side.
Right inside. Perfect.
Right inside here
so they can pop her off.
-Perfect.
-Oh, yeah.
Yeah, good.
Careful. Careful.
Hooked up.
[casey] yeah.
[jeff] this is a big one.
>> on board.
[casey] yeah, boys.
Woo!
Ow, yeah.
[shane] our time.
Nice shot brother.
Yes! Whoa!
Yeah!
What a [bleep] day, brother.
Good day, man.
Good day.
This is awesome.
The old man would love this.
It's good to have you
out on this trip, dude.
[shane]  yeah.
But you definitely
made that possible
[indistinct]
those extra hands, man,
That really saved the day.
Thanks, man.
Cheers.
What's going on now?
Oh, man, casey's crunching
the numbers,
We're gonna figure
some stuff out.
[jeff]
how's it going in, case?
We need to catch
a lot more fish.
Every week, we have to deliver
3,000 pounds
Divided up in whatever way
that the chefs want.
There's white fish
Like the standard
ono and mahi-mahi.
But then there's also
even rarer stuff
Like the ulua we cut today.
But the bulk of our order
is ahi,
And that's where we keep
coming up short.
[shane] so, yeah,
I've been doing some thinking.
Come on, don't hurt yourself.
[casey] yo.
We, uh, we got plenty
of variety.
Nowhere near the quantity
we're gonna need.
We just didn't get enough.
Well [bleep]
[casey]
I'm gonna start drinking.
[josh]
two weeks into this contrac
And we haven't delivered
the  [indistinct]
To tell you,
barry and his partners
Are not gonna put up with this
for long.
You guys wanna see
something cool?
-[josh] yeah.
-[shane] yeah.
Here, come check this is out.
Let's go for a ride.
[dramatic music playing]
[jeff] I don't think
you finding
Your dad's matchbook
was an accident.
And this year,
at one point in time
Was the beautiful coco palms.
It's got a lot of history,
You know,
and it's been through a lot.
But...
It's got a solid foundation,
you know?
-A lot like you guys.
-[josh] yeah.
[jeff] there's nothing to time
or anything
Can do to that place
like this,
A relationship like yours,
it's gonna change that.
Me and my dad,
Our relationship has...
Almost been nothing
but struggles.
But nowadays,
My dad's one
of my best friends.
I've been able
to work through it
And I think it's important
that whatever you guys have,
It's never too late
to move forward
And work it out.
Well...
I'm sorry
I didn't jump to this
When you first came to me
Because I mean,
to be honest, man,
I feel like we got screwed
because of the divorce
And the whole family
splitting apart.
So just... I had a...
One of the worst days
of my life
Was when I got a phone call
from phil
Letting me know that
I wasn't gonna be able
To see you or jake anymore.
That was...
That was a crushing day.
I wanted to be there,
I wanted to watch it grow,
And play sports,
First girlfriend,
all that stuff.
We missed out on a lot.
So I just hope you know
how much I, uh,
How much you meant to me, man.
Yeah, I never felt abandoned.
I knew...
The situations
were out of our control.
Was there anything
that we did?
-Yeah.
-You know?
And decisions got made
that were out
Of our [bleep] reach
and here we are now though.
So now what do we do?
You know [indistinct]
move some stuff around
And give you a hand, man.
Let's get this done, huh?
What about your business
back home?
I'm gonna work
some things out,
Make it happen.
That would be awesome.
We can figure this out
together
For as long
as you wanna stay, bro.
[shane] all right.
[josh]
I know my dad loved shane.
But I never knew
he was the one
That sent him away.
And I'm sure it ate him up
inside to do it.
I'm realizing now
that part of carrying on
The family legacy...
Is finding ways
to make the family stronger.
Maybe we'll catch the fish
we need every week
Or, you know what,
maybe we won't.
But I have my big brother
back in the picture
After a decade.
Feels like a win already.
Hey.
Where do I look?
Right down that lens
right there.
-That lens right there?
-Yeah, that little guy.
All right. Well, I'm shane,
-Josh's older brother.
-[laughs]
And, uh, let's do it.
Yeah, you have no clue
what's about to happen.
[narrator]  coming up.
On an all-new season
on bloodline.
-[shane] whoa!
-[casey] yeah, boy.
Yeah, baby!
[jeff] here we go.
-Whoa! Watch out!
-[josh] oh.
My dad's notebooks
were a lot of names
And a lot of places.
You know I need to do this.
So you wanna leave hawaii
right now?
You're gonna leave
our business?
This [indistinct]
these are fishing spots.
We got tuna.
[man] yeah.
Kind of a life right here.
All right.
You're the man that built
the cornelia marie, are you?
Oh, yes, sir [indistinct]
Yeah, the hurricane came
straight through this area.
And there's just
complete devastation
Everywhere you look.
[josh]
there has to be another way
You're kidding me.
I found someone
that knew the old man.
No [bleep] way.
[dramatic music playing]